The emperor and the girl Moxi ask to see you
Yue Fei is back, he saved your life
Is there any reason not to see?
Dove, bring him in
The emperor's ministers have a hard time
What are you wronged about?
I will give you justice
Emperor Xiao Huang wants you to inherit the throne
Intentionally marrying the courtiers and daughters to the bitter and cold land of the northwest
There is such a thing
Why don't I know
Xiao Huang is just to keep you from being distracted
Nature won't let you know
Your Majesty, look at this woman's hands
I've been tortured beyond recognition
I finally escaped
I don't want any glory and wealth
I just want the emperor to feed me
Leave me in the palace
Since you have a favor with the emperor
Naturally, there is no reason not to leave you behind.
You can stay in the palace
Thank you, madam
Thank you, Your Majesty
courtiers retire